About Us
Serving the Ottawa area: Kanata, Carp, Dunrobin, Arnprior, Almonte, Carleton Place, Richmond, Barrhaven, Manotick, Kemptville, Greely, Embrum, Casselman, Gloucester, Orleans, Cumberland, Rockland, and surrounding areas.

We are a team of talented professionals with a wide range of skills and experience. We love what we do, and we do it with passion. We look forward to working with you.

Here at MagicPro Window Solutions, we provide our employees with a thorough and extensive training program to ensure the best quality of work.

We have many years of experience in the window cleaning industry and are dedicated to provide our customers with service that is unmatched anywhere else.

Our mission is to be your go-to window cleaning team, that provides exceptional service at an affordable price with a no hassle guarantee! We will make your experience with us worry free by communicating with you leading up to the job and even after it is completed.


150 +
Expert Cleaners
24 +
Years Experience
942 +
Working Hours
9.5 K +
Positive Reviews
Quotation

We Make Your House Shine Like a Diamond
Get a Quote
Contact Us
Testimonials

Cleaning At Its Finest
 
 
 
 
I am very satisfied with Magic Pro Window Solutions. They have done a great job with cleaning my windows! They are very professional and work efficiently, they cleaned my windows that I wasn’t able to get to for years and they did a very thorough job. I would definitely recommend to anyone that needs to get their windows cleaned for spring time !

- Mike S.
 
 
 
 
Amazing job. Very friendly- Free quote and able to discuss and negotiate the Price. Very quick and prompt installation. Great overall experience and Service. Thank you so much Ayoub. See you in spring for window cleaning!




- Karen P.
 
 
 
 
Great guy, very friendly and professional great prices too got it all done within few hours I thought it was gonna be a whole day job. This year will definitely use them again.






- Liz A.
 
 
 
 
He showed up on time and was done in record time. He took pictures of my gutters and suggested I get them cleaned. My windows are spotless. I would recommend this company wholeheartedly Thank you for saving me having to clean my windows




Nicole Castiglia
 
 
 
 
Ayoub did such an amazing job! And he was so quick to fit us into his day!! We will definitely use MagicPro again! Service: Gutter cleaning






Andrew Pearce

We are a team of talented professionals with a wide range of skills and experience. We love what we do, and we do it with passion.
Facebook
Quicklinks
Home
About us
Gallery
Reviews
Contact
Services
Window Cleaning
Gutter Cleaning
Siding Cleaning
Pressure Washing
Get In Touch
611- 230 Woodridge Cres
Nepean, Ottawa, ON K2B 8G2
info@magicpro.ca
+1 613-292-4294
7.00 AM - 8.00 PM