MagicPro Cleaning Service A BRIGHT WINDOW, IS A RIGHT WINDOW… QUALITY SERVICE AT AFFORDABLE PRICES Best cleaning service for your office and houseMagicPro Cleaning Service A BRIGHT WINDOW, IS A RIGHT WINDOW… QUALITY SERVICE AT AFFORDABLE PRICES Best cleaning service for your office and houseOur Services Outstanding Service Makes the Difference Window CleaningFor professionally cleaned




MagicPro Cleaning Service

A BRIGHT WINDOW, IS A RIGHT WINDOW… QUALITY SERVICE AT AFFORDABLE PRICES
Best cleaning service for your office and house

Our Services

Outstanding Service Makes the Difference

Window Cleaning
For professionally cleaned windows, the squeegee system has been the method of choice for years. Cleaning crews that are trained in the art of squeegeeing, using industry quality equipment will give you the best results. It is our job to make your windows sparkle and we do it with a smile!

Learn More

Gutter Cleaning
Did you know that excess water flowing from clogged roof gutters into the ground near your house can erode the dirt beneath walkways, driveways or patios? Our mission is simple: to provide the best quality gutter cleaning services for residential and commercial properties in Ottawa.

Learn More

Siding Cleaning
Since it is an exterior product, vinyl siding can accumulate dirt, grime, and stains due to things like dust, bird and creepy crawly droppings, cobwebs and rust. In shady and moist areas, mold can develop, and vinyl is likewise helpless against staining impacts from herbicides and fertilizers. We can get your siding back to its brilliance!

Learn More

Pressure Washing
Magicpro pressure washing provides outstanding pressure washing and exterior cleaning services to customers throughout the Ottawa/ Gatineau and surrounding area in a variety of markets, including commercial real estate, residential real estate, restaurant and lodging, retail, office, community association management and industrial.

Learn More
Best cleaning service for your office and house

About Us

Welcome To MagicPro Window Cleaning
Serving the Ottawa area: Kanata, Carp, Dunrobin, Arnprior, Almonte, Carleton Place, Richmond, Barrhaven, Manotick, Kemptville, Greely, Embrum, Casselman, Gloucester, Orleans, Cumberland, Rockland, and surrounding areas.

MagicPro’s goal is to not only provide the highest quality work but also the highest quality customer satisfaction and service. This means when we provide a date and time, we always show up and won’t leave you waiting. It also means every employee and service provider we send to your location, has been fully trained and educated to provide you with a quality window cleaning service.

If you’re looking for window cleaning in Ottawa it’s important that you choose a company that has the experience and reputation to ensure a high quality service. Tools and safety procedures will be needed. From there MagicPro will select the qualified staff to send to the location for the window cleaning.

Most importantly, MagicPro offers a 100% satisfaction guarantee on all work!

150 +
Expert Cleaners
942 +
Working Hours
Discover More
HOW IT WORKS
Get amazing cleaning in 3 simple steps
Pick a suitable service
We specialize in all kind of window
cleaning services for your home and
business

Set your schedule
Please pick a time that is most
convenient for you. If none of these work, please
let us know when you are free and
we'll try to arrange

Get things done
We have fully insured, qualified
and highly experienced residential
and commercial window cleaners.

We Will Make Absolutely Any Place Clean, Neat & Tidy.

Houses

Apartment

Townhouses

Estates

Renvateed buildings

Offices
We’ll get your home sparkling — responsibly and sustainably. We use natural cleaning solutions and by-hand clean wherever possible for Hall of Fame results that are kind to the environment. We’ll get your home sparkling — responsibly and sustainably. We use natural cleaning solutions and by-hand clean wherever possible for Hall of Fame results that are kind to the environment.
BOOK MY CLEANING
WE HERE FOR YOU
Ottawa Window Cleaning
We are a company dedicated to giving our customers back the time they deserve to enjoy the things they love.
Experienced Professional
We offers a quality, reliable & professional service you can trust.

Free Online Quote
Fill out our free quote form and we'll get back to you ASAP! Or just call us

Customer Focused
We will provide experienced & well trained cleaning professionals to provide an excellent service & to achieve 100% client satisfaction.

We Are Committed
We offer an operational excellence model, providing a structured & customised cleaning solution to mitigate risk & ensure quality at all times.

Regular & Monthly Cleaning
We have a team of highly trained, reliable and friendly staff to offer brilliant cleaning results to suit your individual needs.

Testimonials

Cleaning At Its Finest
 
 
 
 
Great guy, very friendly and professional great prices too got it all done within few hours I thought it was gonna be a whole day job. This year will definitely use them again.






- Liz A.
 
 
 
 
He showed up on time and was done in record time. He took pictures of my gutters and suggested I get them cleaned. My windows are spotless. I would recommend this company wholeheartedly Thank you for saving me having to clean my windows




Nicole Castiglia
 
 
 
 
Ayoub did such an amazing job! And he was so quick to fit us into his day!! We will definitely use MagicPro again! Service: Gutter cleaning






Andrew Pearce
 
 
 
 
I am very satisfied with Magic Pro Window Solutions. They have done a great job with cleaning my windows! They are very professional and work efficiently, they cleaned my windows that I wasn’t able to get to for years and they did a very thorough job. I would definitely recommend to anyone that needs to get their windows cleaned for spring time !

- Mike S.
 
 
 
 
Amazing job. Very friendly- Free quote and able to discuss and negotiate the Price. Very quick and prompt installation. Great overall experience and Service. Thank you so much Ayoub. See you in spring for window cleaning!




- Karen P.
 
 
 
 
Great guy, very friendly and professional great prices too got it all done within few hours I thought it was gonna be a whole day job. This year will definitely use them again.






- Liz A.
 
 
 
 
He showed up on time and was done in record time. He took pictures of my gutters and suggested I get them cleaned. My windows are spotless. I would recommend this company wholeheartedly Thank you for saving me having to clean my windows




Nicole Castiglia
 
 
 
 
Ayoub did such an amazing job! And he was so quick to fit us into his day!! We will definitely use MagicPro again! Service: Gutter cleaning






Andrew Pearce
 
 
 
 
I am very satisfied with Magic Pro Window Solutions. They have done a great job with cleaning my windows! They are very professional and work efficiently, they cleaned my windows that I wasn’t able to get to for years and they did a very thorough job. I would definitely recommend to anyone that needs to get their windows cleaned for spring time !

- Mike S.
 
 
 
 
Amazing job. Very friendly- Free quote and able to discuss and negotiate the Price. Very quick and prompt installation. Great overall experience and Service. Thank you so much Ayoub. See you in spring for window cleaning!




- Karen P.
 
 
 
 
Great guy, very friendly and professional great prices too got it all done within few hours I thought it was gonna be a whole day job. This year will definitely use them again.






- Liz A.

We are a team of talented professionals with a wide range of skills and experience. We love what we do, and we do it with passion.
Facebook
Quicklinks
Home
About us
Gallery
Reviews
Contact
Services
Window Cleaning
Gutter Cleaning
Siding Cleaning
Pressure Washing
Get In Touch
611- 230 Woodridge Cres
Nepean, Ottawa, ON K2B 8G2
info@magicpro.ca
+1 613-292-4294
7.00 AM - 8.00 PM